
Practice Questions

1. Write an assert statement that triggers an AssertionError if the variable spam is an integer less than 10.

   assert spam >= 10, 'The spam variable < 10.'

2. Write an assert statement that triggers an AssertionError if the variables eggs and bacon contain strings 
   that are the same as each other, even if their cases are different (that is, 'hello' and 'hello' are considered 
   the same, and 'goodbye' and 'GOODbye' are also considered the same).

    assert eggs.lower() != bacon.lower() 'Eggs and bacon has the same String value.'

3. Write an assert statement that always triggers an AssertionError.

   assert False, 'AssertionError'

4. What are the two lines that your program must have in order to be able to call logging.debug()?

   import logging
   logging.basicConfig(level=logging.DEBUG, format=' %(asctime)s -%(levelname)s -  %(message)s')

5. What are the two lines that your program must have in order to have logging.debug() send a logging message to a file named programLog.txt?

   import logging
   logging.basicConfig(filename='programLog.txt', level=logging.DEBUG,format=' %(asctime)s -  %(levelname)s -  %(message)s')

6. What are the five logging levels?
   
   debug, info, warning, error, and critical.

7. What line of code can you add to disable all logging messages in your program?

  logging.disable(logging.CRITICAL)

8. Why is using logging messages better than using print() to display the same message?

   Ability to selectively disable logging message. print() can cause confusions. 

9. What are the differences between the Step Over, Step In, and Step Out buttons in the debugger?
  
   Ok i used vs code for this . but yeah they are to move debugger in and out of function call.
   stepin button execute func witthout stepping inside the function.
   stepout execute rest of the codes until it steps out of the func.

10. After you click Continue, when will the debugger stop?

   when it reaches the breaking point.

11. What is a breakpoint?

    the line of code that cause debugger to pause the program executuion.

12. How do you set a breakpoint on a line of code in Mu?

    adding a red dot to the left of line near line no in vscode.